Add terrajet-to-upjet migration guide (#133)
upbound/upjet: docs/migrating-from-terrajet-to-upjet.md

## Migrating from Terrajet to Upjet

As [Terrajet] is being [deprecated][terrrajet-deprecation] in favor of [Upjet],
new Crossplane providers are expected to be generated using Upjet's [provider
template repository](https://github.com/upbound/upjet-provider-template), and
this guide outlines the steps needed to convert an existing Terrajet-based
Crossplane provider to an Upjet-based one.

### Overview of Terrajet-Upjet Migration Steps

1. Replace the `github.com/crossplane/terrajet` Go module dependency with the
latest release of `github.com/upbound/upjet`. You may run the following in the
provider repo's root (where the `go.mod` file lives)
```shell
go mod edit -droprequire github.com/crossplane/terrajet
go get github.com/upbound/upjet
```

> 2. Some code that will be generated by Upjet requires go1.18 or later. If you
> provider's Go module declares go1.17 or smaller, you will need to update your
> module's Go version, and run a `go mod tidy` to make sure that `go.mod` matches
> the source code in the provider's module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Some code that will be generated by Upjet requires go1.18 or later. If your
provider's Go module declares go1.17 or smaller, you will need to update your
module's Go version, and run a `go mod tidy` to make sure that `go.mod` matches
the source code in the provider's module:
```

Author: Done.

```shell
go mod edit -go=1.19
go mod tidy
```

3. Replace all occurrences of `crossplane/terrajet` with `upbound/upjet` in the
code base. A sample command (to be run from the repo root) could be as follows,
or you may use any other tool at your convenience:
```shell
find . -type f -not \( -path './.git/*' -or -path './.cache/*' -or -path './.work/*' \) -exec sed -i '' 's|crossplane/terrajet|upbound/upjet|g' {} \;  
```

> 4. Now, you may attempt to run the Upjet's code generation pipelines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Now, you may attempt to run Upjet's code generation pipelines:
```

Author: Done.

```shell
make generate
```

> At this step, you will most probably get some compile errors. Here are some
> changes that you will probably need to do, assuming the provider was
> bootstrapped using Terrajet's now deprecated [provider template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this step, you will most probably get some compile errors. Here are some
potential changes you need to make, assuming the provider was
bootstrapped using Terrajet's now deprecated [provider template
```

Author: Done.

provider, then you may configure your provider with:
```go
config.WithBasePackages(config.BasePackages{
			APIVersion: []string{
				// Default package for ProviderConfig APIs
				"apis/v1alpha1",
			},
			Controller: []string{
				// Default package for ProviderConfig controllers
				"internal/controller/providerconfig",
			},
		})
```
as a
[config.ProviderOption](https://github.com/upbound/upjet/blob/7e84c638a8bc5c93c6da3cf9420f961f165dd05d/pkg/config/provider.go#L115)
passed to
[pkg/config.NewProvider](https://github.com/upbound/upjet/blob/c82119f5ef342f752406a0ed38264940b02e795f/pkg/config/provider.go#L172).

5. When you try to build the provider package, you may also encounter some
compilation errors regarding managed resource configurations:
- In various `apis/<resource API group>/<API
version>/zz_generated.resolvers.go`: You may observe errors referring to
undeclared `spec` struct fields with names containing acronyms such as:
```shell
apis/ec2/v1alpha2/zz_generated.resolvers.go:195:38: mg.Spec.ForProvider.SecurityGroupIdRefs undefined (type InstanceParameters has no field or method SecurityGroupIdRefs)
```

> You will also need to fix the referencer configurations for such managed
> resources using the [resource configuration API].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to fix the referenced configurations for such managed
resources using the [resource configuration API].
```

Author: Replaced with "reference configurations" and added a link.
